# Feedback

This is design feedback provided on May 26, 2022.

## APIs

* Will the output data for your APIs include an `id` of some
  kind?
* Your specified output for some of these things is not
  correctly formatted..., like double curly braces
* Make sure your collections/lists of things are
  arrays/lists by using square braces `[]` rather than curly
  braces `{}`
* This seems like a well-organized

## Data model

Just some observations:

* The SKU may not be unique between manufacturers
* The size probably needs a unit of measure with it, like `4
  ounces`, unless you mean something like "large" or
  "medium"
* The `is_wish_listed` probably doesn't need to be on the
  product model since you have the very nice Wish List
  entity
* For your address model, you may want to read [Falsehoods
  programmers believe about
  addresses](https://www.mjt.me.uk/posts/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-addresses/)
* I really like the quiz stuff. I think we (your team and a
  staff member) can spend a little time working together on
  flushing it out a little more depending on what kind of
  data store you want to use.
* I'm not sure what a "guest user" is and how it fits into
  everything

## GHI

These seem well-designed and comprehensive. Great job!

## Integrations

I am very interested in the currency converter API. Find one
and add it to your documentation.

## Chris' feedback
help chat - loves and hates it (websocket?)
 - loves idea of chatting
 - no automation (doesnt recommend)

### products
 (size and amounts) - dont store it too many times, where does it get stored
 *edge cases* - differentiate sizes, (sold out 7 oz != sold out 10 oz)

### ingredients
 - used to determine sensitivities?
 - split it out into a table if using each individual ingredient

### User
 - be careful when storing passwords
 - maybe include : Last Login, Last Purchase
  - to keep track of user activity and engagement

## Currency
 - likes idea of currency
 *STRETCH GOAL*
  - look for local taxes etc.

